 بسم الله الرحمن الرحيم 

فَسُبْحَانَ اللَّهِ حِينَ تُمْسُونَ وَحِينَ تُصْبِحُونَ
 وَلَهُ الْحَمْدُ فِي السَّمَاوَاتِ وَالْأَرْضِ وَعَشِيًّا وَحِينَ تُظْهِرُونَ
 يُخْرِجُ الْحَيَّ مِنَ الْمَيِّتِ وَيُخْرِجُ الْمَيِّتَ مِنَ الْحَيِّ وَيُحْيِي الْأَرْضَ بَعْدَ مَوْتِهَا ۚ وَكَذَٰلِكَ تُخْرَجُونَ

Fasubhana Allahi heenatumsoona waheena tusbihoon.
 Walahu alhamdu fee assamawatiwal-ardi waAAashiyyan waheena tuthhiroon.
 Yukhriju alhayya mina almayyitiwayukhriju almayyita mina alhayyi wayuhyee al-ardabaAAda mawtiha wakathalika tukhrajoon.

So glorify Allah [above all that (evil) they associate with Him (O believers)], when you come up to the evening [i.e. offer the (Maghrib) sunset and ('Isha') night prayers], and when you enter the morning [i.e offer the (Fajr) morning prayer].
 And His is all the praises and thanks in the heavens and the earth, and (glorify Him) in the afternoon (i.e. offer 'Asr prayer) and when you come up to the time, when the day begins to decline (i.e offer Zuhr prayer). (Ibn 'Abbas said: "These are the five compulsory congregational prayers mentioned in the Quran)."
 He brings out the living from the dead, and brings out the dead from the living. And He revives the earth after its death. And thus shall you be brought out (resurrected).

Surah Ar-Room - 30:17-19

بِسمِ اللَّهِ الرَّحمٰنِ الرَّحيمِ
TRANSLITERATION
bi-smi llāhi r-raḥmāni r-raḥīmi

TRANSLATION
In the Name of Allah,
the All-beneficent, the All-merciful.




I am trying to learn git checkout --<filename>
I will try to apply it on .gitignore file

https://www.islamicfinder.org/duas/masnoon/for-praising-allah/#2
I am learning git commands
I am trying to commit for the second time
I am trying to learn git checkout -f
which is a command to revert back to the previous commit
it is a command which reverts back all the changes to the last commit after you have just entered the command
git init
yes my assumption was right i.e
git checkout -f takes you back to your previous commit.
only if you have only applied the git add --a command
because if you apply git commit -m "Message::" then this will become your latest commit.

